We are Buddhists from the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club of the Thai Giac Tan Hinh Buddhist Temple in
Thai Nguyen.
Following
the temple's guidance, we are helping
the people affected by the recent storm. For the past few days, we've been
cleaning up for the people around here. We'll be cleaning up the
whole house soon. Today,
we've assigned a group to come over
here to help.
[Music] We
must hold hands.
We greet you, Grandma. Now that the house is
clean, we
would like to thank your family.
Yes, yes, I don't know what to say.
We only have our hearts to offer
this. Goodbye, Grandma. Wishing you good health.
[Music]
Respectfully, Comrade Chien, Secretary of
Branch 10 of Quang Vinh Ward, Buddhists.
We are Buddhists
living in Thai Nguyen. With the spirit of mutual support and
compassion, our master, Venerable Thich Chuc
Thai Minh, Abbot of
Ba Vang Temple, has instructed us to
share with the flood-affected people to
help them. On behalf of the temple...  The local authorities of
Phu 10 also sincerely
thank the disciples of Ba Vang
for organizing forces to assist the people
in Phu 10 in cleaning up and
repairing houses in the neighborhood.
We
encourage the people to overcome this difficult situation.
On behalf of the local authorities, I
would like to once again sincerely thank you.
[Music]
[Applause]
Thank you.
[Music] ...
Yes,
thank you very much, ladies. Thank you so
much! I don't know
how many days it took me to finish this. Thank you, ladies!
[music]
K